Ed Subject: Liberty Benefits Q & A from http://tolfa.us
Q: Properly and by right, who is your owner? - meaning, who can properly take decisions governing your life?
A: I am. This is the fundamental axiom, the necessary foundation for all further thought.
If you don't belong to yourself, you are a slave; you don't even 'own' the opinion you'd like to express!
And if humanity consists only of slaves, who is the owner? - it's not possible.
One would have to accept this premise implicitly, in order even to try to rebut it explicitly;
and that is what makes a premise into an axiom (something undeniable.)
Q: What do you owe to your fellow human beings?
A: Such things and services as I have freely agreed to give them.
Your agreement may come from a wish to give your skills and property to the needy,
or it may come from a clearly written agreement, made voluntarily and without coercion -
usually in exchange for some other associated benefit.
But your voluntary agreement is indispensible - if that's missing, you don't truly own your own life.
Q: Segment 1 of TOLFA is about "Benefits" - what's in this Academy for YOU. Isn't that selfish?
A: Maybe, maybe not. But it takes time to study, and my time is my own, and I need to know the payback or return on that investment.
Everything we do, whether by quick decision or by careful cost/benefit analysis, is chosen to give us net pleasure or gain.
That is wholly consistent with the self-ownership axiom.
Q: Among the "benefits" this page says a free society would bring is that of better-educated children.
Do you agree that that would be true even for the children of parents unable to afford the fees?
A: Yes, because 'a rising tide lifts all boats.' As society becomes much richer overall,
even the poorest will have money to raise their kids well - via the Internet if necessary, at home. 
The whole point is that a truly free society will see dramatic innovations in every field.
When a service is in demand (like assistance in homeschooling) the market WILL provide it,
and do so very affordably in the suppliers' own interests!
Q: Another stated "Benefit" is that the Drug War will end. Do you agree that that is a big gain for everyone?
A: Yes. What this page says about financial spying is exactly right.
We'll be very well rid of it; and drug addicts need medical care, not criminal prosecution.
the Drug War's real purpose has been to gain public acquiescence in worldwide scrutiny of bank accounts -
so removing tax loopholes and tightening the government's control over money.

Check out http://tolfa.us
 
